# 2018-07-29 12:20:39

# Continous Integration

We now have a DocFX static site being generated
as well as the base Blazor template site.

The concept behind Agile/Scrum is to ship a product on an iterative basis.  
At the end of each sprint we want to be able to deploy the latest version of product.
Given this objective it stands to reason that confguring the tooling used to build and deploy be done in the first sprint.

We are using VSTS and it recently made yaml generally available for the CI pipelines.
The VSTS team in their last sprint also made yaml for CD available as a preview.
We will be using both.

## Create initial yaml 
In order to have a yaml build set up in VSTS you have to have a yaml file.  The [convention for VSTS yaml file](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/vsts/pipelines/build/yaml?view=vsts#automatically-create-a-yaml-build-pipeline) is to name it `.vsts-ci.yml`

Add .vsts-ci.yml
```yaml
steps:
- script: echo hello world 
```
- [x] Create initial yaml

# Configure VSTS to use the yaml

I now have a yaml file pushed to VSTS in the `Cramer-CI` branch.

We need to promote to master so the autmoatic creation of the pipeline will occur.

Well I didn't read the docs link clearly.  The automatic creation of the pipeline occurs only if you create the file via VSTS and at the root directory. I went ahead and did that.  Although will likely remove it but I can at least see the default config.

# Add Local VSTS Agent.
I notice on VSTS that we only have hosted Queue and I want to use private one for free :)  So I need to configure this VSTS project to use my laptop.

My laptop is already running as an agent for other pool hopefully easy to configure it for two?

Well the agent shows up on VSTS so looking good.

I move the build to use yaml in the source directory and queued a new build. It ran successfully, on my local agent. So I deleted the default yaml file created at the root.

- [x] Add local VSTS Agent

# Update Yaml to build project
Now I need to update the yaml to actually build the project.
In Blazor-State I am already doing a yaml CI.  So I will start by reviewing Blazor-State.

adding 4 tasks to start... 
* Restore
* Build
* Publish
* Publish Artifact

This will require a few iterations as I have to push the yaml file up to validate it.

Publish failed because the variable `BuildConfiguration` was undefined.

defined it to `Release` and the build succeeds.

I think dotnet publish will implicitly do build and restore. Testing...

Publish succeeded.  I assume the agent clears.
It seems to work just fine with just the publish.

Pushing this to master.  Then work on a basic deploy.
