# 2018-07-28 13:16:21

# Developer Notebook
This is a folder containing daily notes related to this repository.
The file format should be `<DeveloperName>-yyyy-MM-dd.md`
The Notes are far from formal.  The key benefit is to help the developer
remember what they were doing when they come back to the repository at a later time.

Secondary benefit, but not required, is to have a dialog that corresponds to each commit.

> Sometimes you may actually update the notes. So the story won't be in sync.
> Or your notes may not be in the order you actually commit the code. 

- [X] Create Developer NoteBook

# VSTS or GitHub for my repository?

The top objective of the day is to get source pushed to the cloud and have CI/CD configured in VSTS.
First we need to determine where the repository will go VSTS or GitHub?

If we go straight to github then all is public even if we are not ready for review or
assistance.  If we go VSTS then eventually we need to move to github.
I am assuming Microsoft is going to make the moving between VSTS and Github easy.
They are just git repositories, so not that hard today.

Lets start with VSTS today as I don't want public review just yet.

- [x] Choose Source repository host

# Create the repository

Create new repository at https://herculesone.visualstudio.com/
repository url: https://herculesone.visualstudio.com/Hecurles/_git/HercPwa

Add Default Readme and VisualStudio .gitignore 

- [x] Create new repo HercPwa

# Create Branch for initial configuration

Create new branch for initial configuration. `Cramer-InitialConfig`

#### Convention: Branch Naming
> `<DeveloperName>-Purpose`
> 
# Checklist

Create ~~`Todo.md`~~ `Checklist.md` in the `Documentation` folder
This is where we want to keep tasks so we don't forget about them.
It would be preferable to use VSTS project managment tools.  
But we want to make getting started as easy as possible.
Todo items can also be put into code comments.
Just try and get tasks captured.

- [X] Create a ~~`Todo.md`~~ `Checklist.md` file 

# License

MIT license is fine but I really don't care if someone doesn't put in a copyright notice.
After all we are the evolution of biological data and our ideas are built on 
the shoulders of giants.  

If I want this secret then it won't make the repository public.
If public I am not going to call the copyright police, nor do I want those that learn,
or use to have to worry about lawyers.
So I will pick the "Unlicense".

- [X] Pick License


# Conventions

Above in the branch naming we already established a convention.  
We want new developers to be able to quickly find our conventions so we create a 
`Conventions.md` file.

And will copy the branch naming convention into this file.

[x] Create Conventions.md

# Documentation

Documentation is very important and helps get developers up to speed quickly.
Both developer documentation and end user documentation needs to be first class citizens.
We need to be aware of this early and set up structure for this.
Build developer's habits from the beginning.

We will use DocFx for this project.
It was used in Blazor-State and works rather nicely.
Be aware of the different consumers of the documentation.
The first priority is actually the Developer, then the end user.
It is much like the oxygen mask in flight.  
> "Place mask on yourself before helping others."
> 

You are mostly likely writing documentation for your future self.
Please be kind, and realize that your memory is probably not as good as you think it is.

## DocFx Getting started

https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/tutorial/docfx_getting_started.html

# Upgrade DocFx

I already have DocFx installed but there is a new version out so I will install that with:

``` 
choco upgrade docfx -y
```

```
λ  docfx --version
docfx 2.37.1.0
```

## Intialize DocFX
From below `Documentation/..` directory
```
λ  docfx init -o Documentation -q
```
This will create a default documentation project in the Documentation directory.

I ran it via:

```
docfx ".\Documentation\docfx.json" --serve
```

Confirmed I can access the generated site at http://localhost:8080/

Checking in.

- [x] Initialize DocFx Project

# Development Configuration
## Editor.config && CodeMaid Config

Copy these from Blazor-State project as we want to use the same coding standards.
- [x] Editorconfig
- [x] CodeMaid Config
- [ ] 
## global.json
I like to be explicit with the dotnet sdk because I have numerous ones installed.

To see the list of installed sdks:
```
λ  dotnet --list-sdks
1.0.0-preview2-1-003177 [C:\Program Files\dotnet\sdk]
...
2.1.300-preview1-008174 [C:\Program Files\dotnet\sdk]
2.1.300-preview2-008533 [C:\Program Files\dotnet\sdk]
2.1.300-rc1-008673 [C:\Program Files\dotnet\sdk]
2.1.300 [C:\Program Files\dotnet\sdk]
2.1.301 [C:\Program Files\dotnet\sdk]
2.1.302 [C:\Program Files\dotnet\sdk]
2.1.400-preview-009063 [C:\Program Files\dotnet\sdk]
2.1.400-preview-009171 [C:\Program Files\dotnet\sdk]
```

For Blazor functionality I don't think we need the previews so we are going with the latest release.

global.json
```json
{
  "sdk": {
    "version": "2.1.302"
  }
}
```

- [x] global.json


# Nuget.config


Again I like to be explicit here given I have many nuget sources defined on my machine.

```
<add key="Local Blazor State" value="C:\git\github\blazor-state\source\BlazorState\bin\Debug" />
```

I add Local Blazor State, although disabled to start, because I think I will likely want to update that component. As we proceed.

- [x] Nuget.config


# Create new BlazorHosted template

First I update the templates.
```
dotnet new -i Microsoft.AspNetCore.Blazor.Templates
```
Then 
```
dotnet new blazorhosted --name Herc.Pwa --output .
```
I notice the template generates a global.json using 
2.1.300 but we want 2.1.302 and we already have global.json in parent directory. 

So I delete this one.
```
cd .\Herc.Pwa.Server\
dotnet run
```
and it works.
