# 2019-01-01 
#  January
## Week 1
##  Next Benchmark:
###  Jan 30, 2019 
## Todo:

* Create and incorporate EdgeTransactionList Component
* Refactor balance formatter to handle negative numbers

*  `your wallet needs to have a "Top Up HERC" thing that directs the    user to https://purchase.herc.one/`  Add a link to this somewhere on the Wallet

### Allowing Denfeet access to the docs or provide a link or       something, See the Discord conversation, So that we our making available the evidence of our constant progress. 

*  Research and talk with Steve about Blazor Server interactions.
*  Get the Docs sorted out and automated
#### Register Asset.  
-  Discuss and Determine Asset OwnerShip Heirarchy
-  Does it make sense to Install the Firebase SDK in the PWA or move the Asset Header Creation to the Server?  Which is the only thing the PWA would need to hit firebase to do.
-  Install Firebase library for ASP.Net?
-  Tests for Server Connectivity
-  Tests for Register Asset Payment 
#### Supply Chain   
    Originator/Recipient
*  Metrics
    * [ ] HTML and Model
    * [ ] Handler, Action, DTO?
    * [ ] Server  Tests
*  Images
    * Start with selecting a file from the machine/device
        *  usb Camera/Laptop. 
        *  Research capturing images on mobile with ASP.net 
*  Documents
    *  Selecting from device  
 
####  Explorer  / Track.  
> - [ ] HIPR in desktop / metamask.  
 
### Completed
*  Researched DocFx



### Blockers
*  #### Issue

* #### Solution
### Notes: 
* Still struggling with the return from the ChangePin/PW methods
  * Have to roll with no Confirmation for the time being.
  *  I understand what needs to happen, I'm confused about where to look in the Edge Code to figure out what the error return would be, also where that return will come from, so for now, the ChangePin and ChangePW methods just redirect to the Homepage without a notification of success or failure. 
  *  As I further my understanding of the codebase I should have a solution to this built by the end of the month. 
