# 2018-08-06 12:51:31

Added the test projects to Blazor State
Think I will go ahead and add placeholder ones here also.

- [x] Add HercPwa.Server.Integration.Tests project
- [x] Add HercPwa.Client.Integration.Tests project

Note sure if Unit tests will make any sense yet.
So will leave those for later.      
- [ ] Add HercPwa.Client.Unit.Tests project
- [ ] Add HercPwa.Server.Unit.Tests project

Blazor adds some different concepts to my project and I am not sure how 
I want to test it yet. 
But the Server side API is something I do often and now how to test.
It will have a DbConents as I am going to use EF and MediatR on the server.
So I think I am going to actually start with an API endpoint for AssetDefintions moved over
from existing proof of concept app.

This also will bring in all the more complicated (although thought out) stuff.

- [ ] Add Entity Framework to project
- [ ] Implement Feature AssetDefintion/Create API Endpoint 
  - [ ] Add MediatR to Server
  - [ ] Add Scrutor 
- [ ] Create Integration Tests for the feature

I am going to get the server set up to use Feature Folders first.

I typically try to reduce the number of projects that I have.
I think eventually with Blazor we could end up with single dll.
Currently though they are splitting into 3 projects.

With Blazor we worry about package size when adding dependencies.
But really that should NOT be our concern. 
The Blazor team should use the Linker to do a better "treeshaking"

I want my files colocated by Feature as much as possible.
Putting them into seperate projects eliminates this.

Maybe should put all the feature folder in the Shared project

# Think about where the pieces of what used to be server feature will be used relative to client and server

Server Feature contains:
* Controller - Server
* Request - Shared
* Response - Shared
* DTOs - Shared
* Handler - Server
* Validator - Shared
* Mapper - Maps entities to Response  - Server
* Presentation - Client
* Entity - Server ...Client would use the Response and Dtos

So this splits my feature folder up into
Server:
* Controller
* Handler 
* Mapper
* Entity

Shared:
* Request
* Response
* Validator - Maybe we can share this if needs DBContext would be needed on the server so could have different validators
* DTOs

Client:
* Presentation

If Blazor can properly do IL stripping/"treeshaking" the code that goes 
to the Client then wouldn't it make more sense to CoLocate 
all this stuff in the Shared Project?  

When building in release mode some form of this I think is already happening.

So I am going to attempt to move all of the Feature Folder to 
Shared.

What about the Entity?  
If I don't move the entity then the mapper has 
to stay on the server also.

The controller?  How does MVC even register them?
Going to implement simple endpoint in the server then move it to shared and see.

A quick try to put all in one dll didn't work.  As expected.

2018-08-06 20:52:42
Moving the Controller to Shared allows the API to work but the UI no longer renders.  
So thats a problem.  You have to add a reference to `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc` which has a slew of other dependencies.
It would surely be stressing the IL stripper.  But I think it should work.

Tried again and the IDE complains here and there but actually got it to work ( I think it was just cached).  

Did a hard clean.  Deleted all the bin and obj from the 3 projects.  Rebuild all and I get an error building the client.

<!-- Run the linker and put the results in /obj/<<configuration>>/<<targetframework>>/blazor/blazor/linker -->

just returns with huge long command that says "exited with code 1"

```
Herc.Pwa.Client -> C:\git\Herc\HercPwa\HercPwa\Source\Herc.Pwa.Client\bin\Release\netstandard2.0\Herc.Pwa.Client.dll
4>Fatal error in IL Linker
4>Mono.Cecil.AssemblyResolutionException: Failed to resolve assembly: 'C:\Users\StevenTramer\.nuget\packages\system.xml.xmldocument\4.3.0\lib\netstandard1.3\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll, Version=0.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=null' ---> Mono.Cecil.AssemblyResolutionException: Failed to resolve assembly: 'C:\Users\StevenTramer\.nuget\packages\system.xml.xmldocument\4.3.0\lib\netstandard1.3\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll, Version=0.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=null'
4>   at Mono.Linker.DirectoryAssemblyResolver.Resolve(AssemblyNameReference name, ReaderParameters parameters)
4>   at Mono.Linker.AssemblyResolver.Resolve(AssemblyNameReference name, ReaderParameters parameters)
4>   at Mono.Linker.LinkContext.Resolve(IMetadataScope scope)
4>   at Mono.Linker.LinkContext.Resolve(IMetadataScope scope)
4>   at Mono.Linker.LinkContext.Resolve(String name)
4>   at Mono.Linker.Steps.ResolveFromAssemblyStep.Process()
4>   at Mono.Linker.Steps.BaseStep.Process(LinkContext context)
4>   at Mono.Linker.Pipeline.Process(LinkContext context)
4>   at Mono.Linker.Driver.Run(ILogger customLogger)
4>   at Mono.Linker.Driver.Execute(String[] args, ILogger customLogger)
```
but I can then build the Client by itself and then build all again and it claims success (although it lies).

trying to run it I get same error as above.

So I guess I am stuck with split feature folders.  That stinks.

Will try everything but the controller and Entities see if that works.

## Feature Split across projects

So this splits my feature folder up into
Server:
* Controller

Shared:
* Request
* Response
* Handler 
* Mapper
* Validator
* DTOs
* Entity


Client:
* Presentation

Dependencies need to be one way not circular.  So if the Handlers are put in Shared then Entities will need to be also. 
As the Handlers will need a dependency on DbContext for sure.

Basically the Controllers will be all that are in the Server.  But then will we have EF core in the Shared client?
I wonder if Blazor can build that... I doubt it.

So should test that sooner than later.
To test I just add the Nuget and see if can build first.
The answer is NO!!!
So what is the magic to determine what is usable in Blazor and what is not?

I think one could [customize the ILLinker](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/master/samples/linker-instructions-advanced.md)
To generate 2 outputs from the project. I filed this issue, https://github.com/aspnet/Blazor/issues/1266
