# 2018-07-28 13:16:21

# Developer Notebook
This is a folder containing daily notes related to this repository.
The file format should be `<DeveloperName>-yyyy-MM-dd.md`
The Notes are far from formal.  The key benefit is to help the developer
remember what they were doing when they come back to the repository at a later time.

Secondary benefit, but not required, is to have a dialog that corresponds to each commit.

> Sometimes you may actually update the notes. So the story won't be in sync.
> Or your notes may not be in the order you actually commit the code. 

- [X] Create Developer NoteBook

# VSTS or GitHub for my repository?

The top objective of the day is to get source pushed to the cloud and have CI/CD configured in VSTS.
First we need to determine where the repository will go VSTS or GitHub?

If we go straight to github then all is public even if we are not ready for review or
assistance.  If we go VSTS then eventually we need to move to github.
I am assuming Microsoft is going to make the moving between VSTS and Github easy.
They are just git repositories, so not that hard today.

Lets start with VSTS today as I don't want public review just yet.

- [x] Choose Source repository host

# Create the repository

Create new repository at https://herculesone.visualstudio.com/
repository url: https://herculesone.visualstudio.com/Hecurles/_git/HercPwa

Add Default Readme and VisualStudio .gitignore 

- [x] Create new repo HercPwa

# Create Branch for initial configuration

Create new branch for initial configuration. `Cramer-InitialConfig`

#### Convention: Branch Naming
> `<DeveloperName>-Purpose`
> 
# Todo List

Create `Todo.md` in the `Documentation` folder
This is where we want to keep tasks so we don't forget about them.
It would be preferable to use VSTS project managment tools.  
But we want to make getting started as easy as possible.
Todo items can also be put into code comments.
Just try and get tasks captured.

- [X] Create a Todo.md file 

# License

MIT license is fine but I really don't care if someone doesn't put in a copyright notice.
After all we are the evolution of biological data and our ideas are built on 
the shoulders of giants.  

If I want this secret then it won't make the repository public.
If public I am not going to call the copyright police, nor do I want those that learn,
or use to have to worry about lawyers.
So I will pick the "Unlicense".

- [X] Pick License


# Conventions

Above in the branch naming we already established a convention.  
We want new developers to be able to quickly find our conventions so we create a 
`Conventions.md` file.

And will copy the branch naming convention into this file.

[x] Create Conventions.md