# 2018-12-10 16:10:43

## Initial Entry

Just starting to get my feet wet,  I'm becoming increasingly familar with the code base and the ASP.NET Core environment using C#.

### This Week:
 -[ ] Debugging the change pin method and what the hashes are that get returned in the promise.
   * tested various accounts. After changing the password (that works), on account1, the pin no longer works, nor does changeing the pin. Testing with account2.
        * changePin seems to work if you don't change the PW first.
        * account2 seems to have no problem changing the pw or pin. perhaps just a hiccup?
        * Logged in to the Edge Mobile App with account1 on and changed the PIN
        * Cannot Login to Edge with account1 using the PIN on either mobile app or PWA.
        * Created new account3 through the PWA successfully even though it hung on the pw creation screen. 
        * Can login with account3 on the mobile app and PWA using both PIN and PW.
        * Changing PIN on account3
          * ```POST https://auth.airbitz.co/api/v2/login/pin2 returned 200 in 181ms``` is a succesful PIN change
        * Succesful Login with account3 on Mobile App and PWA with changed pin. so that's good. 
 
 -[ ] Edit build Script to rebuild the Distrobution build file 
 
 -[ ] Write responses for successful and unsuccessful PIN/PW changes, redirect to HOME? page    
 
 -[ ]  Remove Check for specialChar in PW verification 

 -[ ]  Remove Check for specialChar in PW verification 
##### Delivery Date: Dec 21, 2018
> - [x] Login / Logout || Send / Receive || Change Password || Full Wallet Functionality.  
> - [ ] Host behind wallet.herc.one.   
> - [ ] Environment tests for iOS all Browsers.  




