# 2018-12-16

## Almost There, Have All The Pieces
I would like to have a component underneath the wallet that lists the previous transactions, I think i saw a picture of it somewhere but It doesn't strike me as too difficult, just a matter of figuring out where that data is. 

## The Next 3 days until launch
I plan on collecting feedback on the current build and after making the necessary edits, redeploying on AWS.
### wants
-[ ] Get style for homepage/home panel, whatever it's called
-[ ] Implement previous transaction list in the wallet component
-[ ] Figure out where to put the disclaimers

### needs:
-[ ] ChangePassword branch PR reviewed and Merged
-[ ] Redirect branch PR reviewed and Merged
-[ ] RoundHouseEdits branch PR reviewed and Merged 
    *  I'm using this branch for my doc updates, I'm assuming it gets merged into master.
-[ ] Guidance with my blockers



### Blockers 
* Still struggling with the return from the ChangePin/PW methods
    *  I understand what needs to happen, I'm confused about where to look in the Edge Code to figure out what the error return would be, also where that return will come from, so for now, the ChangePin and ChangePW methods just redirect to the Homepage without a notification of success or failure. 

* Writing Selenium tests, hitting this error when running the tests in VS
[this seems to be the line that it is producing the error below](https://herculesone.visualstudio.com/Hercules/_git/HercPwa?path=%2FTest%2FHerc.Pwa.EndToEnd.Tests%2FInfrastructure%2FTestingConvention.cs&version=GBRoundHouseEdit&_a=contents&line=21&lineStyle=plain&lineEnd=22&lineStartColumn=1&lineEndColumn=1)

```
[12/16/2018 8:44:48 PM Error] An exception occurred while test discoverer 'VsTestDiscoverer' was loading tests. Exception: 

Object reference not set to an instance of an object.

System.NullReferenceException
   at Herc.Pwa.EndToEnd.Tests.TestingConvention.Dispose() in C:\hercBlazor\HercPwa\Test\Herc.Pwa.EndToEnd.Tests\Infrastructure\TestingConvention.cs:line 21
   at Fixie.Internal.Discoverer.DiscoverMethods(Assembly assembly)
   at Fixie.Internal.AssemblyRunner.Main(String[] arguments)
```

if I could get past that I think I could make some progress from what i've researched and the examples I've read already  Luckily I think it's something relatively simple whatever is holding preventing the tests from running. My best guess is that LoginTests is missing the webdriver param. [here, in the commented out section](https://herculesone.visualstudio.com/Hercules/_git/HercPwa?path=%2FTest%2FHerc.Pwa.EndToEnd.Tests%2FLoginTest.cs&version=GBStack-2018-12-3-ValidatorsAndTests&line=10&lineStyle=plain&lineEnd=11&lineStartColumn=1&lineEndColumn=1), it looks like it needs something. But I also looked at the testing conventions and it appeared that it was using google, so I'm a little turned around.
