# 2018-12-28

Got pulled away from Doc updates due to the flurry of activity!

It's hosted, There are tests, there is functionality!
With Much more to come! 

### needs:
*  `your wallet needs to have a "Top Up HERC" thing that directs the    user to https://purchase.herc.one/`
*  Add a link to this somewhere on the Wallet

* Allowing Denfeet access to the docs or provide a link or       something, See the Discord conversation, So that we our making available the evidence of our constant progress. 


### Completed
> - [x] Login / Logout || Send / Receive || Change Password || Full Wallet Functionality.  
> - [x] Host behind wallet.herc.one.   
> - [x] Environment tests for iOS all Browsers.  
    *  In process

  -[x] Transactions made it to the C# side! (and there was much rejoicing)
  
  -[x] Build EdgeGetTransactions DTO, Action and Handler
  
  -[x] Write unit tests

  -[X]  App opens to the wallet, only current functionality

  -[X]  misc style adjustments, account button

### Blockers
#### Issue
The mapping of the EdgeTransactions from the TS side to the C# side is hiccuping.
#### Solution
On the TS side the Date property was declared as a ```number``` as it is in epoch time and which was expected as an ```int32``` on the C# side, however, on of the dates has a decimal on it pushing it out of the range of an int32. Once we tracked that down, it was just a matter of writing a method to convert from epoch time to System.DateTime and changing the type on the C# side to System.DateTime.

* Still struggling with the return from the ChangePin/PW methods
  * Have to roll with no Confirmation for the time being.
  *  I understand what needs to happen, I'm confused about where to look in the Edge Code to figure out what the error return would be, also where that return will come from, so for now, the ChangePin and ChangePW methods just redirect to the Homepage without a notification of success or failure. 
